Hello to all friends today is the third
April I want to tell what is now in
the moment is happening around me
then yesterday April 2 approximately
15-20
three unknown people tried to get me home
there were calls were standing with a camera near you
Often this is a fine knight and I will launch it.
video here look worth it alone with the camera
and scold I do not know what kind of man on the right
still with some third right headed at
this group
Evgrafs Investigator Central
the police department means they were standing there
About half an hour interested here I live
the neighbor went to visit us and I
time absent at home scored looking
unanswered calls me about 16
I saw a vain answer and in the columns
Called think well called back something
happened to call him he in such in
dissatisfied form anatolyevich and you
you know your nose got too far
you started to allow yourself a lot
343 article which is excited on you
September 2013 will seem to you
flowers if you do not camp
suspend stick your nose where do you
I didn’t have to be so stunned I was thinking
wow, he allows himself to
phone mode threaten in general I
indignant strongly very strongly indignant i
wrote three statements of one general
Prosecutor's offices of the city ​​of Kiev one in Ukraine
regional Kherson and now in
Dnieper water I will take a statement means
on the threat to a journalist by
precisely by the obstacles of his activities I
I think that they are trying now
prevent not they are trying now
resume that business which is already
I think I think it was closed because
According to our Kherson leaders
Interior Ministry, he said that both Nikolaev and Kherson
shut on you there doing things in general
Now it all opens on Kherson I
I'll tell you exactly already closed court decision
there is on Nikolaev so they renew
I guess I liked it
the figure is like a burned out now hanging on
hairs
so here it is all that all this
happens i mean so simple it all
I will not leave for me they thought that I
scared on for me it's like me you
I say how I cheered even more
I get the feeling you know what I caught
not as they say no god for a beard well
so exaggerate as a prosecutor for the beard
that is, by such very actions
only do yourself worse today means
another deputy called me
the prosecutor also wanted this with me
meet urgent not understand why not
in an informal setting so I
arrived in Nikolaev and met with him
again, it is not clear why in all this
calls to the phone from unknown numbers
go i don't just take
so I want to pay attention I want
pass on magnetic Oleg
this is the acting general
Prosecutor of the city of Ukraine General
attorney general performing
duties of the prosecutor general
who now in Kiev I want Magnitsky
I will say he paid attention to his
subordinates
namely prosecutors of the city of Nikolaev on
what reason does the threat continue
right now when there is an investigation in
plan
a former employee of the former already on his sword and
the fact that he was fired instantly
State traffic inspectorate which will
April 7 rally means I want also
let someone turn
attention to these werewolves that are worth
I'm under the apartment and create
pressure so that I stop
investigation by a journalist and stopped
do it well in general yes all
guys she is very unpleasant of course
around me now it's all happening
but it only cheers me up
and I think that everything will be fine and that these
serious figures will burn
with terrible force and all this will be in
monday monday will be all
well in general all the guys all bye
not